you
hey what's up guys my name is giving yum
welcome to another destiny video in
studio video today guys i'll be showing
you mainly talking to you guys about how
to legitly get to I'm by the right five
now of course this consists of working
hard for at least about two to three
days my friend took about two days for
me took maximum three days to get to
iron my level 5 i'll be talking to you
guys as fastest method legitly to get to
iron my little 5 now first of all guys i
would like to talk to you about
nightfall buff now before doing i'm
bannin make sure they have the night for
puff of course this will give you I
think you start around about twenty
percent I think its twenty five twenty
percent more experience when you hand in
a bounty sort of courses will go towards
your iron banner as well behind and I by
no bounty now to increase that bounty
use the tempering buffer a temporary
book will give you more experience from
actually in game and so winning game
match if you don't want too much you
will get a medallion of course as many
of you know and you can carry up to five
medallions I'm not sure how much each
one will redeem for by each stage as in
level you get more experience and I will
take it to that in a minute now of
course the tempering both will give you
more experience in game like I said and
it costs more experience when your hand
in a bounty now what recommend is guys
as you wearing the subclass item for any
of the classes of course hunter Titan
roll up now for the hunter posts the
mantle of Gillian and of course a new
clip we've got the mantle of Peru and
then why I also recommend us guys is
having the shader now there's two things
you guys know here now you get the gold
spiral shitty and you get another shader
now let me just go to last outlaw sell
them the other one is my boat so the two
shaders you get is million million
Gold spiral now you may notice a
difference between the levels and of
course at 10 lakhs at low rank to ozonas
rank 5 now believe those feral will give
you more experience as it is more
expensive and it takes feet long longer
to get so if you get goes far they will
get more experience as well as having
the subclass I kamalatho you get more
experience when handing a bounty and
also winning a match oh it handling and
medallion when you win a match now this
goes same for the scarf radagast and the
signal of iron lord of the iron law
sorry now we're in DC you will get less
experience than you would for the scar
right a gas and the whole spiral so I
recommend when you get to the highest
rank as possible you get the gold spiral
you get the subclass item and you get
the right at scarpetta gasps of course
and you will obtain as much as
experienced as possible now this code
this goes of course having the tempering
buff as well as a knife above you will
get more experience now what I've
notices guys between each level you get
more experience when you level up so I
think the level cap for level four is a
I'm not sure don't take my word on this
but I think for me the maximum amount of
level experience I could get was 186
from one bounty so that's almost enough
to be equals to two bounties of thofe
course one I been a bounty equals to one
engine experience that when your hand in
one I will get 186 but his days at level
4 and level 3 and 2 I think i was
getting about no at level two guys i was
getting about 146 at level 3 it was 166
at level 4 I was getting 186 which like
I said it's almost worth two bounties
now of course you will get more
experience as well from in-game as well
so am from level 4 hours getting 86
experience on every match now of course
redeeming the medallion you will get
more experience as war and overall all
this should add up to a lot of
experience towards the end and like I
said for me it took around about
maximum to get to iron by the level five
and of course trying to every single one
of the bounties I recommend you guys
getting a six-month fight in china and
do it with a strategy i recommend using
a strategy that i use of course what we
did was we had one person capturing the
main objective which with the AOC and
then everyone also going to be so we
would have one person from the 5 team
going aoc and then five man going to be
and then holding off a B or C be as a as
long as possible and obtaining those
experience yeah this can differentiate
when the other team has a strong team if
you get as much as killed and sometimes
teams may win just because they've
killed or you never know it can always
is always a different outcome so guys a
good luck with the iron banner event I
hope this helps you out if the hell p.m.
it should leave a like favorite and
subscribe camotes any content and at the
game concept that you might join other
than that guys my name is gaming having
a full day as always peace out